# 1dmoments

 All of these tasks are centered on the one dimensional method of moments codes.

1) The codes should be verified against the analytic model of a homogeneous slab.  When I do this kind of work, I often start by thinking of questions that could be answered by particular figures.  For validation, I suggest:

a) Figures of broadband reflection coefficient (both magnitude and phase) produced by both MoM and the analytic model for a handful of incidence angles and slab permittivities.  You can overlay both the MoM and analytic data in one figure.  If all is working well, the data should be on top of each other.

b) Convergence of MoM to the analytic solution with increasing number of unknowns.  As we discussed, this requires defining an error (either in terms of reflection coefficient or current distributions) and measuring that error as a function of the number of unknowns.  These types of results are typically plotted in loglog scale, showing the rate at which the error is reduced with increasing MoM resolution.

2) Calculation of characteristic modes for basic structures.  This involves finding the first few solutions to the characteristic mode eigenvalue problem using the matrices generated by the MoM procedures.  These "modes" will consist of both currents and eigenvalues.  It would be most instructive to visualize the currents at a few frequencies and show the behavior of the eigenvalues over broad frequency ranges (as is usually done in CM analysis of antennas).  I suspect that for lossless materials there will only be two characteristic modes with non-infinite eigenvalues.  Lossy materials will give rise to more modes.  Additionally, it may be interesting to examine the 2D trends in eigenvalues with respect to both frequency and incidence angle -- this is a feature that is not present in the analysis of finite structures, so you'll need to be creative in how you study and present those data.  Resonance (when an eigenvalue is zero) is usually a key feature to identify in any CM results.

Structures to consider studying:

* fabry-perot etalons (just a homogeneous slab)
* periodic "stacks" of thin homogeneous slabs
* interesting graded index media -- get creative! 

The deadline for the APS-URSI meeting this summer is February 11 2022.  I'd like you to put together a two-page paper for that conference on this work.  A good conference paper usually consists of

* a short, 2-3 paragraph introduction covering existing work in the area, what makes the paper different, and a very brief summary of main findings
* a short, 3-4 paragraph description of the theory, methods, or approach used in the paper
* a single example demonstrating the key findings of the preceding section
* a short conclusion (optional, space is often very limited)
